feat(frontend): wire tracing (#946)
zama-ai/concrete: docs/compilation/composing_functions_with_modules.md

>         return ans, is_one

Reviewer: Mention the automatic wire tracing and give a link as a point number 4 (l 233)

Author: Will do !

You can use the `fhe.Wire` between any two functions. It is also possible to define wires  with `fhe.AllInputs` and `fhe.AllOutputs` ends. For instance, in the previous example:
```python
    composition = Wired(
        {
            Wire(AllOutputs(collatz), AllInputs(collatz))
        }
    )
```

This policy would be equivalent to using the `fhe.AllComposable` policy.

> ## Automatic module tracing

Reviewer: cc @yuxizama for the doc review :pray:

Reviewer 2: Shall I wait for more updates or that's all?

        return (x / 10) % 100

    composition = fhe.Wired()
```

We can use the `wire_pipeline` context manager to activate the module tracing functionality:
```python
# A single inputset used during tracing is defined
inputset = [np.random.randint(1, 100, size=()) for _ in range(100)]

# The inputset is passed to the `wire_pipeline` method, which itself returns an iterator over the inputset samples.
with MyModule.wire_pipeline(inputset) as samples_iter:

    # The inputset is iterated over
    for s in samples_iter:

        # Here we provide an example of how we expect the module functions to be used at runtime in fhe.
        Module.increment(Module.decimate(Module.decrement(s)))

# It is not needed to provide any inputsets to the `compile` method after tracing the wires, since those were already computed automatically during the module tracing.
module = MyModule.compile(
    p_error=0.01,
)
```

Note that it is possible to have any kind of dynamic branching while tracing the module. In the case of convoluted runtime logic though, it must be ensured that enough examples are given in the inputset so as to properly cover all potential code-paths.

## Current Limitations

> Depending on the functions, composition may add a significant overhead compared to a non-composable version. 

Author: Done

@fhe.module()
class MyModule:
    @fhe.function({"x": "encrypted"})
    def increment(x):
        return (x + 1) % 100

    @fhe.function({"x": "encrypted"})
    def decrement(x):
        return (x - 1) % 100

    @fhe.function({"x": "encrypted"})
    def decimate(x):
        return (x / 10) % 100

    composition = fhe.Wired()
```

We can use the `wire_pipeline` context manager to activate the module tracing functionality:
```python
# A single inputset used during tracing is defined
inputset = [np.random.randint(1, 100, size=()) for _ in range(100)]

# The inputset is passed to the `wire_pipeline` method, which itself returns an iterator over the inputset samples.
with MyModule.wire_pipeline(inputset) as samples_iter:

    # The inputset is iterated over
    for s in samples_iter:

        # Here we provide an example of how we expect the module functions to be used at runtime in fhe.
        Module.increment(Module.decimate(Module.decrement(s)))

# It is not needed to provide any inputsets to the `compile` method after tracing the wires, since those were already computed automatically during the module tracing.
module = MyModule.compile(
    p_error=0.01,
)
```

> Note that it is possible to have any kind of dynamic branching while tracing the module. In the case of convoluted runtime logic though, it must be ensured that enough examples are given in the inputset so as to properly cover all potential code-paths.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that any dynamic branching is possible during module tracing. However, for complex runtime logic, ensure that the input set provides sufficient examples to cover all potential code paths.
```
